
By *default*, this repository is licensed to you under the **AGPL-3.0**.  See [LICENSE.md](../LICENSE.md)

For those unwilling to utilize this project under the AGPL, this project will also be available under a **Private Commercial License** (`PCL`).

Because everything takes time, the legal small-text for the PCL has not been set up yet.  Raise an issue if you want this set up!

# Private Commercial License (PCL)

Here are the "scratch notes" regarding the plan on alternative licenses.  Again, if you need this, let Jason know by raising an issue or pinging him directly.

- PCL General permissions
  - Use to create competing projects for distribution is prohibited.
    - no game engines/frameworks/plugins/modules
    - no "source code is the project" such as api / code libraries
    - creating these for your own use is okay, and using them to create other non-competing projects for distribution is okay.
  - No requirement to distribute your source code for derived projects
    - Any source distributions that include this project or derived code must be made under the AGPL or custom agreement must be made with the NotNot Project.
  - Otherwise terms match the AGPL.  
    - If there is some  fine-print you are concerned about, ping Jason (Novaleaf) and we will make the needed adjustments to the PCL plan.
  
- PCL Requirements
  - To be covered under this PCL, you must be Subscribed via GitHub Sponsors, at [***any*** monthly amount](https://github.com/sponsors/jasonswearingen?frequency=recurring).  Even $1/month is okay.
    - Your PCL will expire when your GitHub Monthly Sponsorship cease.  All work previously performed under the PSL may stay covered under it's terms, or may revert to the AGPL (your choice). New work would be under this project's default license: the AGPL.  If any part of your project is under the PCL, the royaltee requirements described below remain in effect.
  - Royaltee: 1% of revenue generated by a project.  Paid quarterly.
  - Royaltee waived for first USD$10,000 in revenue if you perform the following:
    - Star this project on github
    - Submit your project to a Showcase within 1 month of, or before, your first commercial sale.
  
# Funding Distribution


All funds raised will be distributed between contributors and OSS Projects NotNot depends on.

The plan is to split all proceeds in the following way
- contributors: 50%
- upstream OSS projects: 25%
- rainy day fund: 25%
  - pay things like hosting fees, commercial licenses for non-free software, legal, etc


